open your doors on Lebanon that fire may
devour your
eaters whale Oh Cyprus for the cedar has
fallen because the mighty trees are
ruined whale Oh Oaks of Bashan for the
thick forests has come down there is the
sound of wailing Shepherds for their
glory is in ruins there is the sound of
roaring Lions for the pride of the
Jordan is in ruins thus says the Lord my
God feed the flock for slaughter whose
owners slaughter them and feel no guilt
those who sell them say blessed be the
Lord for I am rich and their Shepherds
do not pity them for I will no longer
pity the inhabitants of the land says
the Lord but indeed I will give everyone
into his neighbor's hand and into the
hand of his king they shall attack the
land and I will not deliver them from
their hand so I fed the flock for
slaughter in particular the poor of the
flock I took for myself two staffs the
one I called beauty and the other I
called bonds and I fed the flock I
dismissed the three Shepherds in one
month my soul load them and their soul
also have hoard me then I said I will
not feed you let what is dying die and
what is perishing perish let those that
are left eat each other's flesh and I
took my staff beauty and cut it in two
that I might break the covenant which I
had made with all the peoples so it was
broken on that day thus the poor of the
flock who were watching me knew that it
was the word of the Lord then I said to
them if it is agreeable to you give me
my wages and if not refrain so they wait
out for my way just thirty pieces of
silver
and the Lord said to me throw it to the
portal that princely price they said on
me so I took the thirty pieces of silver
and threw them into the house of the
Lord for the Potter then I cut into my
other staff bombs that I might break the
Brotherhood between Judah and Israel and
the Lord said to me next take for
yourself the implements of a foolish for
indeed I will raise up a Shepherd in the
land who will not care for those walk on
earth nor seek the young nor heal those
that are broken nor feed those that
still stand but he will eat the flesh of
the fat and tear their hooves in pieces
woe to the worthless Shepherd who leaves
the flock a sword shall be against his
arm and against his right arm his arm
shall completely wither and his right
eye shall be totally blinded
you